# Contex EntrY - Post Studio

Last edited time: December 8, 2025 3:10 AM

Time 248, December 8, 2025. Time is 248 AM, correction. Location studio. Location, departing studio. Destination home? ETA, 325? Recap, professional, collaboration. Free, thought, muscles, spasms are really bothering me, very uncomfortable. Involuntary in my legs to be specific. I feel very... very exhausted, as if I were living weights for a repetitive move and muscle contraction. I don't like the way this feels. It's concerning me. I almost resembles some similar trait of Tourette syndrome. You're spreading me. Better concern, because they show a lot of autistic traits. I'm in a lot of pain right now. Because of how dry the air is. It's causing my nose to dry so much that the inside of my nose began develops, gabbing. Very rigid and dry for my nose, so it's very painful, extreme amount of pain right now. Trying to focus on driving. Muscle spasms are really distracting. Horse interjecting myself into a state of mind, where I can just speak freely, and do my best to not acknowledge any of these ticks and involuntary actions. I believe I may need to see a neurologist. I feel like I'm the king. Anyways... Today's session was... neither productive nor... the opposite. Still provided some sort of insight, and a relationship, building, is called wanting, and... whatever. I basically got to know my colleague. A little more. I was... in a position, at a very specific time, and under very specific circumstances, where I was... part of myself in a very vulnerable state of mind, and not to show physical activities of tears. This was acknowledged by my colleague. Not verbally, but visibly. Because of this, ironically, enough to say the study. what I'm doing right now. A lot of what I'm studying, a world has become a study from a curious state of mind where I was just, could I make an app that did this? To a state of mind where I'm like, I should probably document this. Very quickly in a very short amount of time. I don't know what kind of cinema that is. But it's such a contrast that I should pay attention to it. Because other than this, what else am I gonna worry about? What else am I gonna do? Watch Netflix. Watch TV, go to sleep, go to the bar. What else am I supposed to do? There's a rhetorical statement. To state the obvious. So, like, I'm only gonna do it. The things that have value in spending time and doing. And we have a limited time on this planet. I got a limit of time to live. What am I gonna do with it? I mean, essentially in the world. Perspective of things... We don't have a unit of measurement or reference or starting point as humans because this is our 1st go. We haven't done this before. As the question is, like, why am I goodness? What for? Is anybody even gonna see it? My hope is that that... These moments, these data, my voice, these transcriptions and These moments of time were, we have a heightened alertness of self-awareness. Learn to become is a very, very insightful period of time. To acknowledge things that we suspect as humans, biological creatures, how the universe works. I'm simply if you look at it and you zoom out, I am simply using what I have at my disposal. To study, how I can fix myself using what my brain is really good at. What kind of behavior does that signal? What kind of jobs did that individual have? You want to put it to society's metrics? How much does that individual make a year? You know, to my, to my metrics, it's more of what type of impact do they have on humanity's existence? I'll put value versus result value in relation to myself. Our missile line. I learned that this week, I felt ugly when I discovered that, I was able to, I'm from a suspicion of mine, that, I am out of place. I do not belong here. I was able to prove it mathematically that I don't belong or I am currently employed. So out of scope, they don't even realize what's happening. I'm not bragging. I am speaking out reality of my realization that I had a very naive moment of what was really happening right in front of me. Not fit for the position that I am currently in. It makes it hard because I look at my life, and I'm like, Nah, I know I'm so much more full potential. But I keep going back to zero, and I'm, like, trying over and over, and again, after so many iterations, one is bound to give up. It's inevitable. Over X amount of iterations, the one's about to become complacent, that it doesn't even affect them anymore. X amount of iterations. has another effect. There's so many different things. It's like, I'm very hiding the word and realize that I'm wasting my time. I don't have time to be focused on doing what it is I'm doing at such a minimal to nothing return. There is no ROI. Why am I here? Why am I wasting my limited time? Those are terrible statements. To put things in a position to say, like, I had no other choice. What else is there on my location? What other opportunities are available? What are I qualified for? I don't have time to go to college. Yes, I've had a duration of time to go to college. For there not have a time, enough time to go to college to collect the information that I needed, so I could use it for the other stuff I intended to use it for. So it's like to say, I didn't need to study 4 years of electrical engineering to understand the complexes of, like, how electricity now, just flow. I don't need 4 years of that. To understand the basic concept. How physics and electricity work together. This is a place of my mechanical engineering. I don't need to spend 4 years of mechanical engineering to understand dynamics of materials. I just need to pick what I need to know. Get out of there. Why am I gonna sit there past the clock? There's no reason. I've reached the point where I've... experience a state of hyper awareness. There's no words to describe things that I'm describing or feeling experiencing right now. And even if they did, how would I even have been exposed to them to begin with? Yeah, maybe Harvard's studying, like, sick, cognitive science. Just get the fuck out of here, man. Right place, right time, did not apply to me. Which is why I do my best to find ways and exponentially enhance the output that's possible using the tools at my disposal. Confident to say, my approach... has had a significant... result so far, since I began collecting skill sets. Taking a moment to deviate to mention that I'm supporting with myself. with... my place in time right now. In regards to being an adult, and what? Could be a traditional... experience of life. One thing is that I'm still single. And I... My professional colleague does advance on me, and I'm not sure I'll pretty seat with it. I do not necessarily acknowledge these flirtatious motives and gestures. Colleague does have a tendency to touch. When trying to amplify a moment of time and barge a meaning. I feel aesthetic confusion because they do not view my professional colleague this way. I am not physically attracted to my colleague, nor sexually. I am a human after all. I do have sexual needs. I haven't had any type of interaction since 2015, so it's been a while. I can check the box and feel satisfaction. But I cannot do so without considering the potential cause and effects that have on our current relationship. What I mean by this is that we have a very strong relationship currently as is very effective, mutual, aligned, ideally, in relation to one field is study. In relation to reality and real life, speaking casually, as friends, Sexual motives escalate. My personality. My personality does not allow me to reject or openly acknowledge and reject this type of behavior. Simply say, I don't know how to react, not confrontational. So I didn't know what to do. Relationship is so strong. Still growing exponentially. Harbor. Gestures have returned. Verbal cues reading in between the lines have been apparent more often and have a heightened weight value. This professional individual does allow me to express, oh, I am at a core level, but no guardrails. Like you feel very safe and comfortable being vulnerable around this individual. I do not know what to do. Time is through. Six. And I end in this message.